I believe the small car market is the
most competitive in the motor in
industry mainly due to consumers
expecting better economy out of their
vehicle but still wanting the same drive
power and room they're used to in the
larger casts well it would be fair to
say that the 2011 best small car of the
year would be pretty special well today
we look at the winner the all-new ford
focus and find out just how special it
is the focus is available in four
variants the entry model ambient the
trent the sport and the top of the range
titanium which we're into that you can
also choose between a sleek sedan or
sporty hatch how good is the new focus
well in 2011 the focus was voted by
drive as the best small car beer which
is no easy achievement because as I've
said before this is one of the most
competitive sectors in the car market
one of the standout features in the
titanium is its sleek design foot of
lowered it put it on 18-inch alloy
wheels and giving it a much broader
stance which gives it a bigger front on
profile and allowing the interior
designers more space to fit things on
the inside so it's fair to say you get
more unless now you come up the gorge
but you need the brawn and the brain to
back up the promise of power before
titanium comes standard with a 2-liter
GDI petrol or a very efficient 2-liter
TDCI diesel the titanium is paired with
a smooth silky six-speed powershift
automatic transmission the petrol
leverages just 6.6 litres of fuel and
the diesel seats just 5.5 litres per 100
haha I'm going to tell you the inside of
the focus is comfortable and everything
is conveniently laid out it's great to
see that forward about it some maturity
to the thought of their inside layout
everything feels solid it's good quality
there's heaps of storage options and the
seats offer you support plus they're
extremely comfortable adding to the
maturity of the focus are all the safety
and high-tech add-ons you get as
standard the focus comes with driver
passenger and curtain airbags Forge
intelligent protection system abs
dynamic Stability control with
electronic brake-force distribution
dynamic Stability control and hill start
assist the titanium comes standard with
sony stereo bluetooth for your mobile
climate control satellite navigation
cruise control electric windows plus you
get automatic wipers and headlights one
of the great features that come with the
titanium standard is Park Assist which
helps you parallel park so if you're
like Alan Simon's and you find parallel
parking difficult you're gonna love this
feature all you've got to do is you go
along and you find the car park you want
to park him and the titanium will tell
you perfect car space then you put it
into reverse the indicator on and all
you've got to do is try the accelerator
and the car but leave it or not will
steer itself into the perfect position
every single time so I think we've just
found the way to make Alan Simon's a
better driver the all new 2011 ford
focus is definitely a deserving winner
of the 2011 drive best small car appear
to experience one for yourself drop out
to john hughes in victoria park or
simply follow the links from zoom tv.com
that are you
you